Your teacher's coming back
from her vacation today, right?
Uh huh.
Alright then. Guess I better
go introduce myself.
Let's leave a little bit
early, okay?
Okay.
Yummy!
[Tomoya] All done!
Ready to hit the road?
Yeah!
Ushio, say goodbye to Mommy
before we leave.
I'll see you when I get back.
Bye Nagisa.
Hey, Ushio it's dangerous!
[Tomoya] Wait for me!
Ushio!
Nabe!
Gou gou!
[Tomoya] What the heck is that?
This is Nabe, our class pet.
He's soft!
Why does it seem familiar?
No way! It couldn't be...
[Kyou] You must be Ushio
Okazaki's father.
Y-you!
Hello! I'm Kyou Fujibayashi,
your daughter's kindergarten
teacher.
It's a pleasure to meet you,
Mr Okazaki.
Y-yes m'am! A pleasure to meet
you too!
[laughing]
Wow! I've never seen you
make that face before!
Hey, don't laugh!
Come on. You should've known it
was me when you saw Botan.
Or maybe you've forgotten
me already, Mr Okazaki?
So that giant thing really
is Botan?
Gou!
Sorry I never told you Ushio,
but your daddy and I used to go
to the same high school.
She was always real violent
and mean.
She used to pick on your
poor Daddy all the time.
Hey! Stop filling your poor
child's head with lies!
And she was good friends with
your Mommy too.
Did she tell you that?
Uh-uh...
Sanae told me this time
wouldcome. I mean, she said
you'd probably take care of
Ushio someday.
So until then, she wanted me to
keep everything from the past a
secret.
I see... she really said that?
[Kyou] Fate works in mysterious
ways, doesn't it?
I never thought in a million
years I'd end up as your
daughter's teacher.
It's been way too long. Sorry
about that.
I know things have
been hard on you...
Yeah...
All of your old friends are
worried about you. Ryou and
Youhei and Kotomi...
When we all got together forNew
Year's a few months back, we
talked about stopping by your
place to pay you a visit.
But we were afraid you wouldn't
want to see us.
I'm sorry...
But in the end, it looks like
everything worked out just fine,
am I right?
I guess...
How's Ushio doing?
[Tomoya] Is she getting along
with everyone?
Yeah. She's a great kid. She's
not cynical like someone else in
her family.
She must have taken after
her mother then.
She's a lot more active than her
mother, used to be then.
[Kyou] She'll wander off on her
own if I'm not paying attention.
She really keeps me on my toes.
Ah.
Good morning.
Ah hello! Good morning!
Did you have a good trip?
[Kyou] I sure did!
Thanks Takuya!
I'd better get going now. Take
good care of Ushio for me. I'm
counting on you.
Let me know if you ever have
any problems.
I'll do whatever I can to help.
Thanks. I'm glad we had this
little chat, Ms. Fujibayashi.
Hey Ushio!
[Kyou] Your daddy's going to
work now!
See you, Daddy! Buh-bye!
Bye. Have a nice day!
Your daddy sure is a nice guy. I
bet you're happy to live with
him now, aren't you?
Yup!
[Kyou] Alright then! Let's
go inside.
[Ushio] Okay!
[Tomoya] Fuko?
Yeah. She's been wanting to
visit your place for a while.
[Yusuke] How about this Sunday?
Do you have any plans?
No it's fine if she stops by...
I'm just confused.
Seems like she really wants to
be friends with Ushio.
I hope you don't mind.
That means a lot.
[Yusuke] You know, Fuko just
got out of the hospital.
It's good for her to step out
and do things.
[Tomoya] I see... So it's kind
of a rehab, huh?
[Yusuke] Yeah, she's really shy,
especially around strangers.
I haven't seen her so excited
about meeting someone before,
so I want to make sure we
encourage her when we can.
It sounds good to me.
@After all, Ushio and Fukoúseem
to get along pretty@well
already.
@It should be fun.
@That's great. Thanks a lot.
@Oh no, it's fine...
@[♪♪]
Oh yeah, Ushio, someone's
coming to see you tomorrow.
To see me?
[Tomoya] Fuko Ibuki. You
remember her, don't you?
Yeah! The weird girl!
Well, "The Weird Girl" wants to
come over here and play. Is that
all right?
Yeah! I'm happy!
You're happy, huh?
Yup. I'm happy!
Hey Daddy, sing Mommy's song
for me please.
Again? You really love that
song, don't you?
Yeah. It's my favorite song.
Okay. But it's late at night so
I got to sing real quiet.
♪ Dango, Dango, Dango, Dango ♪
♪ Big Dango Family ♪
♪ Mr Grilled Dango's such
a rascal ♪
♪ Bean jam dangos always sweet ♪
[♪Music continues♪]
Fuko has come to play.
Thank you for inviting her.
[Tomoya] Uh, yeah. No problem.
Ahem.
I'll get straight to the
point, Ushio.
Be my sister! And run away
with me!
You're crazy!
Fuko is not talking to you! Fuko
is talking to Ushio and Ushio
only!
Now Ushio, let's be honest. You
like Fuko don't you?
Hmmm...
Yeah.
Did you hear that?
But I still want to stay with
my Daddy.
Ha ha! Did you hear that?
She says that now but I'll win
her over by the end of the day!
I brought a gift as a token of
our friendship!
It's custom made starfish bread
fresh from the Furukawa bakery!
You'll eat it for me won't
you, Ushio?
Yeah sure.
Considering your taste in
things, that's actually pretty
cute.
Well okay, here goes!
It's yummy!
Cute little Ushio eating cute
little bread is setting a new
record for cuteness!
That's enough hugging
her, right?!
Ushio and I are about to have
lunch. You can join us if you
like, Fuko.
My feelings won't be swayed
by bribery, you know!
Give it a rest!
[Fuko] Okazaki, I heard that
your wife passed away a while
ago.
That's right.
[Fuko]
I understand your feelings.
I know I must remind you
of her a lot.
Now let me tell you something...
Yes, tell Fuko anything.
Nagisa was absolutely nothing
like you.
It's like you're not even from
the same planet.
Y-you mean your wife was
an alien?
You're the alien!
Fuko is not an alien!
I just can't get inside that
tiny brain of yours.
Rest assured, as an Earthling,
my brain is full of very average
Earthling like thoughts!
The people in the neighborhood
are often remarking on how I'm a
perfectly average Earthling!
What kind of a neighbors do
you have?!
So in conclusion, let's go
home together.
WHAT DOES THAT HAVE TO DO
WITH ANYTHING?!
Besides, if the average
Earthling thought like you,
the world would be destroyed in
less than 24 hours, for sure.
Nothing you ever say makes
any sense to me.
If there was a big red buttonin
front of you that you weren't
supposed to push, no matter
what,
then what would you do?
I'd push it! But only
when no one was looking.
Well that's too bad because the
button to launches nuclear
missiles.
Hey! That's not fair! You
tricked me into pushing it!
Just like I said. The world
would be destroyed in no time.
All right then! I have a
scenario for you.
[Fuko] If there were a pair
of tights on the ground,
that you weren't supposed
to wear, no matter what,
then what would you do?
[Tomoya] I wouldn't do anything.
[Fuko] You're lying!
You wouldn't be able
to control yourself!
You'd HAVE to put them on!
[boom] I'm so awesome!
You fool! Those tights were
the Apocalypse Tights!
I know it's a litte late to ask
now, but did you please sleeping
pills in this food?
Yeah right. What? You thinkl'd
try to knock you out and make a
move on you? Not in a million
years.
I-I'm flattered to hear thatyou
care for me so much. But I don't
think I can return your
feelings...
Ug really now!
[Fuko] You don't have
to hide them, you know.
[Tomoya] Hide what?!
[Fuko] Your feelings for me!
[Tomoya] Shut up!
You know what? Just forget
it! I'm not talking to you!
Now, now. Don't be shy.
[Fuko] Anyway, let's play cards.
So what's your game of choice,
Ushio? Blackjack? Poker maybe?
Gin Rummy?
You realize you're talking to a
five-year old, right?
I didn't think of that.
I guess I'm so mature and
sophisticated
that end up suggesting adult
games without realizing it.
Ushio, are there any games
you can play?
I know Sevens.
What an enchanting choice,
Ushio! That's a perfectly
splendid game!
Sophisticated, huh?
Hey, Okazaki. You have the ten
of hearts right now, don't you?
Let's just say I have a whole
handful of cards I could use.
Alright, Ushio, you're up next.
[Ushio] This one. [Fuko] Thanks
Ushio! That's just the one I
needed!
Now I'm back in the game and
ready to get my revenge!
Shoot. And I tried so hard to
block her...
Okazaki's evil scheme has
beenthwarted and Ushio's proven
once and for all that she loves
Fuko best!
Get over yourself!
[scheming laugh]
If only you were
still alive...
[Fuko] Okazaki... Okazaki!
O-oh...
Sorry, guess it's my turn, huh?
I'm sorry if this is hard on
you, Okazaki. I don't mean to
bring up memories of your wife.
I told you, you're nothing
like her.
Then what kind of
person was she?
If she wasn't like me, she
must've been immature, right?
I don't know if it's possible to
be less mature than you are.
She died when Ushio was born,
right? So she never got to meet
her.
[Tomoya] Yeah, she only knows
what she looks like from
pictures.
Yeah but I still know lots of
stuff about her because Daddy
told me.
Now you've got me curious. What
kind of person was she?
Let's see...
Well she was kind of a crybaby.
[Ushio] But she always did her
best and she worked real hard to
have me.
And I also know Daddy loved
her very much.
I uh...
Sorry. I still think about her
sometimes...
I have a lot of free time, so
you can call me whenever you
like.
Huh?
All you have to do is ask
and I'll be here.
I'll help you out any way I
can, okay?
I have to admit, I didn't
expect sympathy from you.
I wasn't trying to
be sympathetic.
I just want an excuse to play
with Ushio.
Uh, of course...
Fair thee well Okazaki.
Captain Fuko is shipping off!
A simple goodbye
would've sufficed.
Now let's make a break for
it, Ushio!
Woah! Hey, hey, hey, hey, hey!
You win this round!
But this battle is far
from over, Okazaki!
So until next time, try not to
get killed in your sleep.
Don't worry. I'll say hi if I
see on the street.
And by the way, I've already
committed Ushio's scent to
memory.
So I'll be able to track her
down if she's nearby.
[Tomoya] What are you,
a bloodhound?
I had fun today, Ushio.
Let's play again, okay?
Okay.
Well. See you later.
Okay, buh-bye!
That wore me out...
Fuko sure is funny, huh?
Yeah, I can give her that
at least.
Come on, let's clean up, take
us a bath and call it a night.
Okay!
Doesn't Botan get upset when she
slides on her back?
Actually, she really enjoys it.
It's kind of like getting a back
massage.
Hey Ushio! You good-for-nothing
daddy is here to take you home.
I missed you Daddy!
Sorry to make you wait.
Wow. You're quite the dotting
parent, aren't you?
What are we going to do with
your daddy, Ushio? He's so
hopeless.
Uh-uh. No way, Daddy's cool.
At least I know she's got good
taste in men.
Just so you know, I gave Ushio a
handout about our Sports Day
that's coming up.
Take a look at it, alright?
[Tomoya] Sports Day?
[Kyou] Yeah.
Parents participate in some of
the events, so you'd better
practice, Daddy.
Oh yes, I already know all about
Sports Day.
The president of the
neighborhood board just gave us
a heads up.
Oh, so would you mind coming to
cheer us on?
Sure. But we might do more
than that...
Whew.
Akki!
What's up, Ushio? Good to
see you.
So what's with the track suit?
Sports Day is coming up so I
figured I'd better start
training, you know?
It's going to be a beat
down, kid!
I don't think they have
Grandpa Boxing.
Akio has a reputation as a fast
runner,
so the school asked if he would
be the anchor for the Teachers'
Team.
The principal, has a bad
back so he can't do it.
So you're on the Parents'
Team, right?
This is going to be a
grudge match!
Oh I always wanted to see one
of those!
Let's not get carried away.
I don't know if I'm running in
the relay in the first place.
Sanae, we got to call
the principal,
make sure Tomoya is the anchor
for the Parents' Team.
You got it dear.
You people are sick...
Daddy. Good luck out there.
All right! I'll give it my best!
Go Daddy!
What the heck are you doing?
I don't want to look lame in
front of my daughter so I'm
working out.
[Fuko] Ushio!
Oh hi Fuko!
You like going for walks,
don't you?
Uh huh.
But aren't you afraid
you might get lost
when you're all alone like this?
Get lost?
[Fuko] You know.
Forgetting which way to go,
having trouble
finding the right road,
ending up in a neighborhood
you've never heard seen before,
surrounded by strangers.
That sort of stuff doesn't
scare you?
[Ushio] Nope, not at all.
That's amazing. I wish I could
be like that, too.
But no matter how brave youare,
it's still dangerous for little
kids to be out walking alone.
Hey! Ushio, where are you going?
This is that new hospital,
isn't it?
Is this where you like to go
when you walk?
Uh huh...
Why is that?
I just do.
You just do, huh?
[♪Music playing♪]
[Akio] Tomorrow's the day,
isn't it?
That's right! The grudge match
we've all been waiting for!
[laughing]
Ushio, are you looking forward
to the big race?
[groan]
What's wrong, Ushio?
I tried to... but I couldn't do
it by myself...
Huh?
Come on, what's wrong?
She's burning up...
[Tomoya] First me...
Then my family...
It's like this town is toying
with us.
It grants us happiness
on a whim.
And then takes it away just
as quickly.
Why can't I change anything? Why
can't I grant my daughter her
only wish?
Nagisa... What should I do?